Move captains and committers to another repo (#6396)
expressjs/express: Contributing.md

for comment and/or dissent.  When the PR is merged, a TC member will add them to the 
proper GitHub/npm groups.

### Active Projects and members

> The list can be found at [https://github.com/expressjs/.github/blob/main/captains_and_committers.md#active-projects-and-members](https://github.com/expressjs/.github/blob/main/captains_and_committers.md#active-projects-and-members)

Author: ```suggestion
The list can be found at [https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/blob/master/docs/contributing/captains_and_committers.md#active-projects-and-members](https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/blob/master/docs/contributing/captains_and_committers.md#active-projects-and-members)
```

### Current Initiative Captains

> The list can be found at [https://github.com/expressjs/.github/blob/main/captains_and_committers.md#current-initiative-captains](https://github.com/expressjs/.github/blob/main/captains_and_committers.md#current-initiative-captains)

Author: ```suggestion
The list can be found at [https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/blob/master/docs/contributing/captains_and_committers.md#current-initiative-captains](https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/blob/master/docs/contributing/captains_and_committers.md#current-initiative-captains)
```
